
      



  
    


      
    Guidance
  

  
  
    Project Development Routemap
  

  
  

  
    
  Project Development Routemap is the UK government’s international support tool for novel or complex major projects. It helps people responsible for delivering projects to understand the capabilities needed to set up for success. It aligns with international best practice and incorporates learning from other major projects and programmes.

A link to the UK version of Project Development Routemap, known as the Project Routemap, is provided below.

  



  
    
      
  
      From:
      
          Infrastructure and Projects Authority

      
      Published
      27 August 2020
      Last updated
      
        20 August 2021
          — 
            See all updates
          
      
  

    
    
    
  










  
    
      

      
          
    Documents


      

    
        
  
      
  
  
    Project Development Routemap factsheet
    
        PDF, 2.07MB, 3 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Handbook
    
        PDF, 3.17MB, 119 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Handbook
    
        HTML
    


  

  
      
  
  
    International Rationale Module
    
        PDF, 828KB, 31 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Governance Module
    
        PDF, 901KB, 39 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Execution Strategy Module
    
        PDF, 841KB, 28 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Organisational Design & Development Module
    
        PDF, 1.05MB, 30 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Procurement Module
    
        PDF, 2.13MB, 42 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Risk Management Module
    
        PDF, 1.31MB, 40 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Asset Management Module
    
        PDF, 1.07MB, 33 pages
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  

  
      
  
  
    International Tools and Templates
    
        MS Word Document, 1.27MB
    


      
        This file may not be suitable for users of assistive technology.
        
  
    
      Request an accessible format.
    
  
    
          If you use assistive technology (such as a screen reader) and need a
version of this document in a more accessible format, please email ipa@ipa.gov.uk.
Please tell us what format you need. It will help us if you say what assistive technology you use.


  
      
  



  


        
          Details


          

    
            
What is Routemap? How is Routemap applied?

Watch this short animation to find out more

To access subtitles in English, Spanish and Bahasa Indonesia, please select Settings and then Subtitles/CC in the bottom right corner of the video player.

What benefits can Routemap bring to your project?

Play this short video to hear from Routemap users from across industry, academia and government.

To access subtitles in English, Spanish and Bahasa Indonesia, please select Settings and then Subtitles/CC in the bottom right corner of the video player.

Project Development Routemap

Projects that enhance and expand access to infrastructure are critical to achieving inclusive, sustainable growth and reducing poverty. However, infrastructure projects often encounter problems in their early stages. Poor project development constrains project delivery and limits the benefits it can drive from investment.

The Project Development Routemap (Routemap) has been produced as part of the UK Prosperity Fund’s Global Infrastructure Programme and provides practical instruction on the Routemap. It builds on both UK and international experience and is tailored to the needs of audiences in a broad range of countries.

It aligns with the G20 Principles for the Infrastructure Project Preparation Phase and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (in particular, supporting environmental and social sustainability). Routemap has also been identified by the Global Infrastructure Hub as a leading practice in good project preparation.

The IPA is working in partnership with the Governments of Colombia and Indonesia and will update these materials with learnings from further international applications.

To access the UK versions of all the Routemap materials, please click here.

Case Studies

View case studies that have used Routemap.

For more information, please contact routemap@ipa.gov.uk



        
      

      
    Published 27 August 2020
    Last updated 20 August 2021
      + show all updates
      
        
            
              20 August 2021
              Addition of factsheet
            
            
              18 May 2021
              Update to text
            
            
              27 August 2020
              First published.
            
        
      



      
    
  
  

  


    
  

      
        Related content
      




      


  


        Project Initiation Routemap: case studies
        Anglian Water - Improving infrastructure delivery: Case study
        New Tube for London - Case study
        Thames Estuary Phase 1 - Improving infrastructure delivery: Case study
        Crossrail - Improving infrastructure delivery: Case study

  




      

    Collection

  


        Improving infrastructure delivery and performance

  


  










  
    
        
  
    
  





      

    Explore the topic

  


        Major project management

  


  

  


    
  


    